docs: robots meta tag vs robots.txt file (#32043)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/meta/name/index.md

  > **Note:**
  >
  > - Only cooperative robots follow these rules. Do not expect to prevent email harvesters with them.
  > - The robot still needs to access the page in order to read these rules. To prevent bandwidth consumption, consider if using a _{{Glossary("robots.txt")}}_ file is more appropriate.

>   > - The `robots` meta tag and `robots.txt` file serve different purposes, as `robots.txt` is exclusively for the crawling of pages, and does not determine the indexing of pages. A page that can't be crawled may still be indexed if it is referenced by another document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > - The `robots` `<meta>` tag and `robots.txt` file serve different purposes: `robots.txt` controls the crawling of pages, and does not affect indexing or other behavior controlled by `robots` meta. A page that can't be crawled may still be indexed if it is referenced by another document.
```

Author: This makes sense to me, thanks for sharing your version.
